# Wrapped PAC (WPAC) Token

Welcome to the repository for Wrapped PAC (WPAC) token. WPAC is a wrapped token (ERC20) compatible with all EVM blockchains, providing interoperability for PAC tokens across different networks.

## Project Overview

WPAC tokens are wrapped tokens of the Wrapto contracts. The token contract is implemented in Solidity and follows the OpenZeppelin Contracts upgradeable pattern. It allows users to bridge PAC tokens from one blockchain to another by locking the tokens in the contract and minting WPAC tokens on the destination chain.

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone <repository_url>
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd TeleWrapped
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run the following scripts:

- `npm run node`: Starts a local Hardhat node for testing.
- `npm run compile`: Compiles the Solidity contracts.
- `npm run clean`: Cleans up artifacts, cache, coverage, and typechain files.
- `npm run lint:sol`: Lints the Solidity contracts using Solhint.
- `npm run lint:ts`: Lints the TypeScript files using ESLint.
- `npm run test`: Runs the Hardhat tests.
- `npm run typechain`: Generates TypeScript bindings for the Solidity contracts.

## Contract Overview

The main contract file is `wpac.sol` which implements the ERC20 interface. It also integrates functionalities for bridging PAC tokens from one blockchain to another. The contract is upgradeable and follows the Ownable and Pausable patterns for security and control.


## Project Structure

The main project files and directories are structured as follows:

- `contracts/`: Contains Solidity contracts.
- `test/`: Contains test scripts for the contracts.
- `scripts/`: Contains scripts for deployment and testing.
- `artifacts/`: Contains contract artifacts generated by Hardhat.
- `package.json`: Configuration file for Node.js dependencies and scripts.
- `hardhat.config.js`: Configuration file for Hardhat.

## License

Wrapto is released under [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Thank you for using Wrapped PAC (WPAC) Token! If you have any questions or issues, please don't hesitate to contact us.
[Dezh Technologies](https://dezh.tech)
